Obedient obedient obedient
I listen to you
We'll meet again after that.
Humph
Ah!
Bridge, you are crazy, how dare you come?
This is organized by Chen Tianshi
If he finds out, you're dead
What dare not
I counted the days
Today is the day of Chen Tianshi's death, I'm here to save him
Shhh and nonsense
Don't let others hear what you are afraid of
There's not a lot of people here.
Besides, what if he hears it and walks in?
Invitation letter from the chef
Invitation letter
Teacher Fang
I don't have it.
Sorry, you can't go in without an invitation
I yo yo yo
Isn't this a bridge?
Why can't I even get into class? Isn't this Huang Xiang?
What about your brother?
I really forgot if you didn't say it.
It was you who picked out my brother's shrimp line
So what if I was?
What to pack
Now everyone knows that you have offended Angel Chen.
You are now a rat crossing the street, everyone is shouting and beating
If I tell Chen Tianshi
Come and cut you into eight pieces
Huang Xiang didn't expect that Xiang wasn't in your head
Pretty smart
What nonsense
Come and throw it into the river and feed it to the fish. What are you doing?
let go
Uh-huh.
Hahaha hey